Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump made 44 false claims last week, 30 of them in a press conference and two interviews during his two-day trip to the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
Trump made 16 false claims about Ukraine, 13 about impeachment and nine about the economy.
He made 12 false claims in his Davos press conference. He added 10 in his interview with Maria Bartiromo of Fox Business and eight in his interview with Joe Kernen of CNBC.

While 44 false claims in one week would be a lot for most politicians, it is below Trump's average of about 60 false claims per week since July 8, when we started tracking this data at CNN. The week we're discussing here, from January 20 through January 26, ranks 22nd out of the 29 weeks we have tracked.
Trump is now up to 1,729 false claims since July 8.
The most egregious false claim: Obama and trade
Trump, who frequently seems to have his predecessor on his mind for no particular reason, is fond of claiming he has managed to do things President Barack Obama could not -- whether or not Obama actually failed to do these things.
Last week, touting his trade discussions with the European Union, Trump said at the Davos press conference: "They haven't wanted to negotiate with past Presidents, but they're going to negotiate with me." He continued later: "...Our country wanted to make a deal under President Obama. The EU refused to talk to him."
The European Union didn't only talk to Obama on trade -- it engaged in three years of extensive though unsuccessful negotiations with Obama's administration on a proposed free trade agreement, the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership.
The most revealing false claim: Manufacturing jobs
The economy has added 487,000 manufacturing jobs under Trump. Manufacturing job growth slowed significantly in 2019, with a total gain of just 29,000 jobs from January through December, but the President still has a pretty good true story to tell here.
Instead, Trump often chooses to spout fiction. He said in a speech to mayors last week: "We've created 700,000 manufacturing jobs."
Trump has consistently exaggerated manufacturing job growth -- and as the actual number of jobs created has continued to grow, he has continually increased the inaccurate figure he uses. When the actual number was around 350,000, he said it was "almost 500,000." When it was just over 400,000, he said it was "600,000."
The most absurd false claim: Trump's lying
Trump noted at the Davos press conference that he had opposed the impeachment of President Bill Clinton. He mused, though, that Clinton did "a lot of bad things" -- such as "a lot of lying."
Fair enough. But then Trump said the following with a straight face: "Now, with me, there's no lying."
We...beg to differ.
Here's this week's full list of 44 false claims, starting with the ones we haven't previously included in one of these weekly roundups.